hey everybody welcome back northernlion
after birth plus Mayweather McGregor
what could be better
oh good damage could write a fire good
speed bad HP we suffered the map and the
clicker J 1 & 4 1 X H 3 I don't like
this because you're darned if you do
you're darned if you don't if you're
don't you're darn if you do you're darn
if you don't what I mean by that is the
clicker if you use it you make your run
worse for no reason and if you don't use
it
everyone goes what a little baby you
didn't use an item hey what a little
baby he didn't eat poison lady poison
was the worst that can happen there's
some good effects to poison sometimes
you know like I just please oh Jesus
Christ
I would rather here's my gamble with you
guys I'd rather take glass freakin
cannon he's bad it's not at all good but
I would rather take glass cannon than
then the clicker sure we could reroll
into dark Judas but the fact that it
takes items away means that on average
was the expected number of items lost
before we turn into dark Judas tool
freakin many I refuse now glass cannon
I'm probably just like I do want to use
it but the run we have had one run and I
know that's the number because I
remember the run fairly well we've had
one run in which glass cannon was
absurdly good for us it worked out very
well now what does it take 9 lives would
help a lot in the like mental game of
trying to make sure that we can make it
happen the other thing is just so much
damage that glass cannon makes it so
that everything is for sure going to die
with a glass cannon hit and you might be
saying well if you had so much damage
then even I need glass can in the
beginning but look get your logic out of
here ok this is a no logic zone
starting now we're going to try to use
glass cannon and of that you have my
word not my word what an uncouth
gentleman no but yes it is potion
sellers potion seller has played by Paul
F Tompkins I just you got to give me a
little bit of time to enable it because
like you know that was not worth to an
Abbe spirits although I will say the
thing with glass cannon is once you use
it and once you're at half a spirit
heart you can roll on that level at HP
forever it's not likely I'm much of a
streak to to save ourselves from right
now so we might as well just have a good
time here I think but 9lives is the
ultimate enabler for this particular
setup right here because it means that
even if we take a hit we don't lose the
whole run and by extension the streak
instead we can actually you know absorb
a hit from time to time although we'd
still rather not I imagine most bosses
will die in one go he just dodged his
enemies or his friends corpse there
that's some metal or could buy a spirit
heart but a spirit hour doesn't help a
1-up health and they say that a 1-up
would save us I am gonna stand here and
wait not very good but dude I've never
felt more like a kindred spirit with
Michael ale Fox than when he said he saw
the first spider-man movie because hero
by Chad Kroeger featuring Josey Scott
was in it I know we're all oh we all
have such good taste now dude I was in
eighth grade when silver side up the
debut album from Nickelback came out I'm
here to tell you everybody was bumping
it we didn't have worse taste it's just
something about
the society that we were in at that in
that era okay take this for now was
conducive to letting Nickelback not only
rise but all ended by the way as I
recognize that Nickelback they get so
much hatred and and there in the end
just a band you know Nickelback is more
hated than like the world's most corrupt
politicians which is hilarious but also
stupid anyway the point is dude thank
God we got our spirit heart back here so
we don't have to fight this guy on 1hp
everybody was bumping silver side up and
we all loved it we were all like this is
the best Canadian band in you know years
of our generation things change you know
the public perception is turned against
Nickelback outside of you know Alberta
no offense meant
but still you know we were all bumping
it back then I would definitely I saw
spider-man in theaters because every one
of my age of you saw spider-man in
theaters it had the largest opening
weekend of any movie for link you know
it was eventually beaten but I can't
remember what by I don't think Guppies
collar that seems smart with glass
cannon but it opened with like a hundred
and two million dollars or something
like that which was unheard of at the
time anyway the point is I saw it and I
also saw it partly because I'm like that
song is real good in hindsight I don't
think I've heard that song in the wild
in like actually probably at least 13 or
14 years maybe even a little bit longer
but that song is falling off the radar
that's not a timeless classic you know
you can turn on the radio and hear semi
charmed
it's said it's so weird I want something
else to get me through this semi charmed
kind of life baby baby no but you still
you're semi charm kind of life on there
semi charmer life on the radio you still
here you know the new radicals highly
underrated classic you get what you give
don't here hero by Chad Kroeger that
much you still your bailamos on the
radio you still here hero by Enrique
Iglesias on the radio
but Hiro has been maybe it's because
it's so in it like not inexplicably
inextricably is that the word you know
it's tied to something so much that it
can't be separated from it they're so
connected
Hiro in the first spider-man movie that
it's just dated it can't possibly be a
timeless classic because of the fact
that it's so obviously a time capsule of
a certain period oh no the point is I
didn't mean to start this episode with
like a treatise on hero by Chad Kroeger
pre it's got some deep lyrics someone
told me love would all save us how could
that be
look what love gave us a wolf aloof
killing in blood spilling that will
never change
geez man I guess you can see why as a 13
year old I was like these guys anybody
anybody ever heard of the modern Beatles
Chad Kroeger featuring Josey Scott I
can't remember that what are the opening
lyrics the hero you got to give me a
second here hero Chad Kroeger chords
lyrics
hero hero featuring Chad Kroeger lyrics
yet oh yeah I'm so high I can hear
heaven I'm so high I can hear heaven
oh but heaven no heaven don't hear me oh
yeah and then I forgot it's got that
like breakdown in the middle now that
the world isn't ending it's not that I'm
sending to you look like the most
garbage song I've probably listened to
more than anything else in my entire
life
oh man okay dude I mean how can i I want
to be on your side here okay I want to
say knit up first off I'm having a
mental freaking breakdown
/ remembering how bad hero actually is a
song despite the fact that I'd loved it
and you know I didn't buy it I'm
probably downloaded it but downloaded it
off of like you know cuz I'll light or
something like that I'm not ashamed to
admit it the statute look Chad Kroeger
if you watch this video I'll send you a
dollar fifty okay and that's y'all said
you four dollars because it would have
been a dollar back in like the year 2000
which you know with inflation we're
probably talking you're up in the two to
50 range and then let's build in like a
little punitive damages as well because
I think you're hurting right now
not but anyway the point is still I hate
sauerkraut it's really what I'm trying
to say here
okay we've used so many keys people to
shop oh that's not bad so we should play
this we have two HP I think so we should
play this twice try to leverage this for
a little bit more of an advantage and
grab this and then we could play a once
at least maybe twice there's a lot of
songs like that I mean I'm not gonna
again I always want to preface this kind
of scary I was on a preface this kind of
conversation with hating on other people
for their musical tastes as a young
man's game there's so much more oh my
god wait until you commute you're gonna
lose it you know I don't like this
person because they think you know Pablo
honey is the best okay computer album
you don't even understand the the level
of hate that can course through your
body for like to kill your turn signals
that's what they're there for
dude this is a cruel boss right here but
still
I grew up in an era that was not great
for me we may die here I grew up in an
area that was not great for music and
I'll just admit it and it wasn't just me
like I can all take some ownership and
be like yeah me too but it was not just
me everyone was bump and Creed straight
up
everyone was bump and Nickelback back in
the day we were in eighth grade we got
some Reno we got a good excuse I should
say but at the same time you know it it
was a dark era for modern music and
that's why I've gone on this tangent
many times the videos saying like I
don't understand people in my generation
that are like well kids these days
listen to Justin Bieber back in my day
we had nickel I mean but also we had
Creed I mean okay but then we actually
got HP Wow okay well yeah yeah yeah
we'll go we'll go void we went empty
vessel as well we'll go void and suck up
that right there and I'm like an
extremely happy camper
I will go back for the curse room and
see what we got in there that take a sip
of this coffee every generation has
garbage artists that rise to the top how
are you think about Justin Bieber's most
recent singles actually we're pretty
good from a pop music standpoint but you
know maybe not everybody agrees with me
I don't know it's been a while since I
read pitchfork media you can tell I'm og
though because that's the original URL
dawg it's no pitchfork com this is
pitchfork media Ryan Schreiber did he
really give odelay a ten out of ten yeah
it deserved it at the time okay we might
as well suck these bad boys up no we
might as well never touch empty vessel
at 90 vessel glass can and again as long
as we live so we've made some Zane
happen here and I respect and appreciate
that anyway I'm trying to think who else
we had
some artists from that era have gone on
to become timeless whether or not you
like them Coldplay for example continues
at least in my estimation to be one of
the biggest bands in the world I am no
huge fan of Coldplay Kanye West again
continues to be one of the biggest acts
in the world I quite like the music of
Kanye West and to be honest with you I
don't feel the need to say you know well
I don't agree with him on a personal
level but I like his music you know he
far as I'm concerned he's he's an artist
he produces a product and you know I
listened to that product can't always
separate the art from the artist if
you're like you know like if you met
someone and they were like you know I
know he's not a good guy but you really
got to check out this painting from
Hitler like that's for you be like you
know what I think I'm just gonna pass
plenty of artists out there for me but
you know Kanye Webb strikes me as kind
of like a delusional genius and if we're
gonna start you know holding people over
the coals for that you know you guys you
got to start you're gonna find a lot of
media problematics all I'm suggesting
you know yeah John Lennon hit his wife
you know we go back all the Beethoven
probably like you know stab the dude in
the heart for his lunch money or
something you know you gotta go to
evaluate it with the times well maybe
not I don't know it's the general gist
of every NL bit by the end of it I don't
really know do whatever you want to do
see if I care while you're watching the
videos and as long as you find these
entertaining that's the most important
thing I mean I really just handle my own
garden for the most part oh I really
wish we could get our damage up a little
higher
we're very lucky to be in the position
we're in on this run I mean we dodged
the clicker by using glass cannon we use
the glass cannon which means that we've
absolved ourselves of some of the anti
Zain of having it but not touching it
and then we've ended up here getting
kind of gifted and amazing item in the
form of the void with the a good book
sucked up as well there we go so I mean
the shop is interesting to me not
interesting enough for me to spend a key
at the well no we should here we get we
got time to possibly make boss rush no
greed please thank you I don't know why
I said it is if I'm singing a song
singing a song there's options you oh
well worth it we're going to keep the
Hermit card for boss rush potentiality
we've had so many runs recently that
have been like just shy of making it the
boss rush and then we finish the rest of
the run in four minutes that I want to
avoid it I want to I want to nip that in
the bud if possible I don't really I'm
trying to think of other artists from my
era that we're huge and have stuck
around because there are some
what about the Beatles you look do I
strike use a 75 year old man I like the
Beatles in fact I think you know
Revolver Rubber Soul Sgt pepper's Lonely
Hearts Club Band to a lesser extent
Abbey Road magical mystery tour and with
the Beatles of some of the best albums
ever made but it's not my that's not
contemporaneous you know crazy town's
butterfly look now you're just
consulting me such a sexy sexy pretty
little thing and that's when she got me
sprung with her tongue ring now I ain't
gonna lie diddle oven gets me high to
keep you by my side there's nothing that
I won't try it's very troubling lyrics
on many different levels
take left speedball I'm okay with that I
could use the speed and I will take
duality although not thrilled with it
you know what there's an easy way let's
just go top songs of 2000 and then
there's going to be some here that I'm
going to have forgotten about I'm sure
Oh - don't you go I got a feeling the
Black Eyed Peas 1999 excuse me I don't
think so um Bad Romance Lady gaga 1999
oh don't think that that's true
kryptonite buy three doors down now
we're talking but I've already I've gone
off on on three DD Triple D as I call
them
Guy Fieri be darned today you know what
let's get some Intel
I don't I don't think kryptonite is a
great song but I don't hate it here
without you I actually think is one of
the worst songs has ever made it into
the public zeitgeist but you know I
recognize that a lot of people actually
really like that song the only reason
that I even bring it up is because it
has like infinity trillion views on
YouTube we do want to suck that up if
possible so you know that's you in a way
it is it that I only hate it because
it's popular no I hate it because I've
heard it 39,000 times that I didn't like
it to begin with
and then the reason I've heard is thirty
nine thousand times because it's popular
and I you know used to take the school
bus to school for forty-five minutes
each way so yeah now you get a great
feeling from what's what's what's hot
hair through but that's that's one of
those songs you think you want to avoid
great damage there one of those songs
you want to avoid railing on too hard
because like there's probably people
watching this for whom that was like you
know their wedding first dance or
something look Ian Dan Lu stop leave
Shakira alone underneath your clothes
isn't that bad of a song I need your
clothes there's an endless a sorry
yeah it's a great song about how nice
her partner looks naked
it's very heartfelt
I still think that for that the one that
even as like a ninth grade child in this
song you never you're dirty by Christina
Aguilera anymore like that one has is
exited public consciousness
we got a year of and just double /
through or maybe that wasn't year as
long as exited public consciousness but
another song from that album is stuck
around you see you are beautiful no
matter what this and he was wrong
bring you down it's like that song has
got a good message but it's really weird
to me that as you know even even as a
teenager track one wanna get dirty it's
about time for my arrival image you know
track to you are beautiful no matter
what they see this it's exactly the same
phenomenon as no scrubs vs. unpretty by
TLC first song is like you know I'm a
self-confident modern independent woman
and don't step to me unless you got the
same things going on in a man and
there's nothing wrong with that message
but then track 2 is like you know the
media is trying to undermine my
confidence so you are the media there's
a lack of self-awareness there I'm not
saying you can't have both messages
going on I'm just saying you know it
makes it an album of singles as opposed
to a cohesive work of art by itself I
don't know if anyone's really looking at
it at that level it might just be me
being a silly silly dude other songs on
the list I mean there's like bye-bye
bye-bye NSYNC I'm gonna be honest with
you
NSYNC is made into and well in sync is
beloved in a pseudo ironic way because
Justin Timberlake is single-handedly
like become one of the most likable
people in the entertainment industry and
I loved NSYNC as a as a teenager in an
adolescent I think that we were
listening to buy buy buy in 1999 or 2000
and laughing we're like musics never
going to be as good as this ever again
when I heard buy buy buy in the grocery
store of all places
weeks ago was like this is Congress it's
actually really bad but I remember be
like all bye bye bye Zhan stop
everything go watch the video you know
that's that's going to date our our
growing up if you're roughly the same
age as I am I think like what that would
be if you were like eight years younger
than me probably like man I remember
when little Wayne's lollipop was on the
radio she wanna lick the wrapper it's
time to stop recording Isaac forever
maybe you start swelling cut the world's
worst little Wayne impression I don't
you know I don't hear it the same way
that you hear it because in my head
different because I'm hearing it through
the bones in my head I'm actually
lightheaded from laughing at that's nice
you know when you can make these videos
and amuse yourself she wanted like the
rappers Oh
bye-bye-bye seems very innocent
when lollipop went to number one this is
not me hatin on lollipop or Lil Wayne
got a respect - Carter - and the Carter
three things lollipop is a surprisingly
a experimental track to have hit number
one you know at least advection 18
standards I know little Wayne is the
Canadian I'm just saying you know I
don't know what I'm saying we have
quainter desires for our songs it
doesn't really make any sense right I
guess I'm what I'm saying is that we
don't always get all the southern hip
hop down here so when you hear that
sparse like you know cliff style
production you go what's going on this
is new this is fresh
you wanna like a rap you you surprised
even me sometimes brain so we're going
to do exactly the same thing we did last
time which is slightly miss boss rush
and then I mean I actually can't really
say with authority that we're going to
have a good chance of steamroll the rest
of this run because it actually like
sucks
statistically go experimental good good
damage upgrade very strongly needed even
at the cost of a luck downgrade which is
luck downgrade is like no payments till
2020 you know we don't have to sweat it
[Music]
until the chest on the chest if we need
stuff we're going to be like wish I
didn't have to have that luck downgrade
but for now you know we get a sofa
without having to make the payments
there's no downside I mean in 2020 we
could all be you know annihilated by an
asteroid or something I will be I will
die happy knowing that I got the sofa
without making any payments on it so we
were actually so far away from making
boss rush we didn't barely miss it
because the mom fight is going to take
us ten years
I want to put down some bombs the
problem is you know they get kicked
instead of damage they get kicked the
Zetas devil deals we get tricked with an
experimental treatment the CR is still
around CR is like the hip-hop artists
from my youth that I always thought like
to this day if you give me one too many
adult beverages and then go like hey NL
what do you think about CR is oh and I'm
like that song should a god a number one
it might have gone to number one but it
should be respected as a modern hip-hop
classic and nobody's everyone talks
about one two step I want to talk about
one two step what I'm talking about oh
oh you know what just just freaking get
me dude I don't care I'm going to deal
with the devil because I need damage
we're getting so much HP out of this but
I need damage more than anything else so
I went the old the devil instead of deal
with the angel I compromised my own
principles and I don't know if I maybe I
should regret that at this point because
of the situation we find ourselves in I
actually well we were going to take
damage anyways who cares this is not a
guaranteed win sure we get a demon heart
and an eternal heart every time we get a
battery charge spacebar RS are natural
or otherwise but I'm not convinced that
that's going to be enough if we don't
continue to improve our damage at least
somewhat like I don't want to do that
room because our damage is so bad and as
part of the insidious insidiousness of
having like low damage
means that you're less likely to be
excited about the opportunities that
might naturally present themselves on a
run oh that was pretty bad I will say we
got one big positive and that's a toxic
shock syndrome gives us a nice little it
basically lowers all I'm not that enemy
came to myself it lowers the should use
this but at the same time you want to go
like what a waste
um it lowers the maximum HP of these
enemies basically as soon as we walk
into the room come on though this is
getting a little on the silly side here
why don't we ever sell we have a 67%
chances we had an Excel floor last time
that's right and we have duality so we
could go angel deal but I think it's
ill-advised
hello Ruka hello Ruka hello Ruka
definitely wants in toil working towards
fun God spawn hello my son
how are you have you just woken up come
on buddy there we go who's a guru Co boy
you got groomed you get a haircut
basically so it feels like a like a
brand new couch right now so the first
time that the petting has been a selfish
act most of the time I'm like yeah
you're my pet so I will pet you you know
it's right there in the name now I'm
like you feel good I'm going to pet you
because it's a pleasant sensation it's a
win-win I don't think he's going to meow
anymore but I can try to solicit a
conversation it makes me look like a
crazy person
hey Ruka he's looking at me Ruka Ruka
he's given me a head tilt but he's not
giving me any any conversation he's like
he didn't pet me enough for me to meow
don't you know you know I've been part
of this family for like four years you
don't know how this works yet Ruka so i
played like garbage on this floor but we
got that one a hundo percent devil deal
if i just crank on the cram PO head as
soon as i go into the next room let's go
okay this is important got a little
lucky there I think that we were able to
catch a little damage despite the the
rotation of the laser beam
we don't have births damage that's the
thing like once once it's used
we no longer nice shot we no longer have
the tools necessary alike deal a bunch
of damage quickly and we only did like a
half of mom's Hearts HP but we do have
eight point seven eight damage now so we
actually are able to at least like hit
enemies okay so we want this and we
probably want Judas shadow and it might
seem a little aggressive but I stand by
it because if we die as long as we can
live long enough to use our void play we
should be in a good spot this cat he so
loves the pets sometimes I'll play Isaac
and he'll bite my hand because he's like
you know I you're giving the keyboard
attention but not me Ruka this keyboard
combined with you know my vocal chords
is what makes you cat food money buddy
so you got a you got to lay off daddy's
working
I am like half thinking we should have
used that on a room of course but I'm
like half thinking that we should become
dark Judas and half thinking like you
know what just let it happen
enjoy like your bonus HP for now if it
happens it happens yeah this was like
guaranteed I think if we make it through
Isaac we should be fine you know we've
got that dark Judas respawn and the rule
of the previous runs is coming true like
we barely miss Basara well we miss boss
rush by a little bit and then all of a
sudden the run starts to take off for
whatever reason but that's what I'm
complaining of course it hasn't even
taken off that much it's just like a lot
better than it was I can't believe that
I staved off complaining about 3.77
damage until we were like on the
Necropolis XL 3.77 damage on necropolis
is a bad role unless you got like a rate
of fire that's below the cap we were
still a distance away from the cab
that's fine that's fine I'd like to keep
the eternal heart alive I would have
liked to have kept the eternal heart
alive I would like to live and then you
know two minutes later I would have
liked to have lived I in a way though I
feel like validated because sometimes I
complain and then people go I don't know
what he's complaining about all of my
complaints come from place of honesty
and a fight like this proves it because
we're not getting that like baseline
level of issac competency which is
stopping him from doing two attacks once
he does the teleport you know he gets to
do two waves of attacks which is not
acceptable for me
I would much rather take him out before
he gets a chance to do this much damage
she's done now you know what role the
dice go down Ruka oh I hear the litter
box outside you just pooped that's why
you come in here for a pet you don't
need a pet of your poops you don't need
a pet cuz you pooped I am for all of
these although now that we've taken
technology explosivo does nothing for us
so we should actually get ready to void
X plus Evo for a stat bonus I am guilty
of not using not using void properly
anymore I don't know what I just had
like mental atrophy or something with
with void we can use it to suck up
passives into stat upgrades which is
something that there's no reason not to
unless you want the passive but you know
we don't actually get anything out of ex
post Evo on a stat level so what do we
care we should try to get a I always
noticed it's way too late because lust
is the most dangerous of the mini bosses
in here but you should try to get the
virus out of lust worked out very nicely
for us actually and you know what we
have no bomb suck that up we got shot
speed and luck that's actually fine the
oh I use hangman by accident the shot
speed upgrade is worth nothing but the
luck upgrade even though we're still in
the negatives it takes us closer to
being above zero and either way I think
more luck is always a good thing not the
best stat we could have gotten but worth
something at least
we should really at this point be fairly
safe it's not going to you know make any
record books for best run of all time or
anything like that but it is at least an
acceptable and competent sort of
inclusion here in the Isaac Pantheon and
then fun nonetheless as well like we've
started with some you know back-sass
word space bar items here and I still if
I'd gotten nine lives I think I would
have stuck with glass cannon I've come
to respect glass cannon I think it
requires one specific enabler but the
enabler shows up very frequently and the
damage you get out of glass cannon can
be ridiculous so I still don't think
it's a good for like predominantly take
oblige em but I do think that it's it's
okay if you can get the enabler I think
it can be fun but it is still pretty
rare it's so rare that it's almost raw
Oh bad Gordon Ramsay where did you come
from where do you think you Muppet a
came from England why do you sound
nothing like Gordon Wren
it's the Kayal you donkey it has ten
octaves I think there's a there's an
idea for a Gordon Ramsay character in
there somewhere
it's a Gordon Ramsay who always talks
angrily even when he's sincerely happy
this is the happiest day of my life you
Muppet I love you but that's not it
doesn't work in reality because Gordon
Ramsay has this sincere voice all right
listen I sat down at this is one of
Savile rows top Indian restaurants
owners say receipts have been dragging
I'm here to find out why and then he
goes you can't serve the Bombay chicken
salad with kale it's a spinach salad you
absolute tosser mr. Ramsay I wish you
wouldn't talk to that shut up you donkey
I love you who what
I'm sorry I don't know how to express my
emotions now become Australian again
local British impressions so the multi
Python or Australian in varying degrees
Ruka you like the pet oh you love the
pet thanks for watching hope you enjoyed
the episode if you did click the like
button help set a great deal of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time